.\"
.\"	HTML Tree
.\"	element.3
.\"
.\"	Copyright (C) 1999  Paul J. Lucas
.\"
.\"	This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"	the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\"	(at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\"	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"	GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\"	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"	along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"	Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" define code-start macro
.de cS
.sp
.nf
.RS 5
.ft CW
.ta .5i 1i 1.5i 2i 2.5i 3i 3.5i 4i 4.5i 5i 5.5i
..
.\" define code-end macro
.de cE
.ft 1
.RE
.fi
.sp
..
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
.tr ^
.TH \f3element\f1 3 "October 12, 1999" "HTML Tree"
.SH NAME
\f(CWelement\fP \- Information about an HTML element
needed for parsing HTML files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.ft CW
.nf
class element {
public:
	enum end_tag_value { forbidden, optional, required };

	end_tag_value^^const	end_tag;
	std::set< char const* >	close_tags;
};
.fi
.ft 1
.SH DESCRIPTION
An \f(CWelement\fP is a class for containing information about an HTML element
needed for parsing HTML files.
.SS "Public Interface"
.IP "\f(CWend_tag_value end_tag\fP"
Specifies whether this element's end tag is forbidden, optional, or required.
.IP "\f(CWstd::set< char const* > close_tags\fP"
For elements whose end tags are not forbidden,
this is a set of pointers to C-style (null terminated) strings
for all elements that either explicitly or implicity end this element.
For example,
the \f(CWH1\f1 element is ended only by the \f(CW</H1>\f1 tag,
but the \f(CWLI\f1 element is ended by any one of the
\f(CW<LI>\f1,
\f(CW</LI>\f1,
\f(CW</OL>\f1,
or
\f(CW</UL>\f1
tags.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR Element_Node (3).
.SH AUTHOR
Paul J. Lucas
.RI < pjl@best.com >
