.\"
.\"	HTML Tree
.\"	Text_Node.3
.\"
.\"	Copyright (C) 1999  Paul J. Lucas
.\"
.\"	This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"	the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\"	(at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\"	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"	GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\"	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"	along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
.\"	Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
.\" define code-start macro
.de cS
.sp
.nf
.RS 5
.ft CW
.ta .5i 1i 1.5i 2i 2.5i 3i 3.5i 4i 4.5i 5i 5.5i
..
.\" define code-end macro
.de cE
.ft 1
.RE
.fi
.sp
..
.\" ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
.TH \f3Text_Node\f1 3 "March 19, 2000" "HTML Tree"
.SH NAME
\f(CWText_Node\fP \- Node in an HTML tree for plain text
.SH SYNOPSIS
.ft CW
.nf
class Parent_Node;

class Text_Node : public virtual HTML_Node {
public:
	Text_Node(
		char const *begin, char const *end, Parent_Node* = 0
	);

	std::string	text;

	// inherited
	Parent_Node*	parent() const;
	void			parent( Parent_Node *new_parent );
	virtual void	visit( visitor const&, int depth = 0 );
};
.fi
.ft 1
.SH DESCRIPTION
\f(CWText_Node\fP is-an \f(CWHTML_Node\fP that simply contains plain text.
.SS "Public Interface"
.IP "\f(CWText_Node( char const *begin, char const *end, Parent_Node *parent = 0 )\fP"
Constructor.
It takes pointers to the beginning character and one past the end
(in STL iterator style)
and makes that the text.
If \f(CWparent\f1 is not null,
sets the parent and adds this node to that parent's list of child nodes.
.IP "\f(CWtext\fP"
Contains the text.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR HTML_Node (3),
.BR Parent_Node (3).
.SH AUTHOR
Paul J. Lucas
.RI < pjl@best.com >
